(Title) Diesel's Twinkle Team Presents
The Magic Of Christmas
Behind The Dreams
(Hypnotist) Sleep
Sleep
Sleep - wherever you are just relax
One, two, wide awake
(Hypnotised boy experiencing ecstacy over underwear)
(Intro) This Christmas we hypnotised people to bring back the joy of the holiday season
But first we needed the perfect candidates…
(Hypnotist) Is that a strange feeling? - sleep, just relax all the way down
You will find that when that hand touches your head you will fall into a deeper sleep.
Let go you have nothing to do now
(CASTING) We tested all forms of Christmas emotions
Desperation
(Hypnotist) When I touch you on the shoulder you will get these off your head and you will feel incredible
Ecstacy
Love
(THE SHOOT) The cast are hypnotised again to believe that they are children on Christmas morning…
And we created some more hypnotic thoughts for fun
(Hypnotist) One, two, wide awake
Desperation + Invisible wall
3 years old, cannot speak
Itching with excitement
Talks like a parrot
Tongue is 4 times too long
Orgasmic delight
Really loves candy
(Hypnotist) You will feel an overwhelming sense of jealousy and anger
When I clap my hands you will all shout for joy
And sleep - SLEEP.
Stay exactly where you are right now.
Sleep with all the good chemicals showering your brain
(ENJOY!) Watch the magic